Here are the commands for the game:

clear
Abandons the current game (if one is in progress), and clears the board to its initial configuration (all squares neutral). Playing stops until the next start command.

start
Start playing from the current position, if not doing so already (has no effect if currently playing). Takes moves alternately from Red and
Blue according to their color and the current move number. 

quit
Exits the program.

auto P
Stops the current game until the next start command and causes player P to be played by an automated player (an AI) on subsequent moves. The
value P must be “red” or “blue” (ignore case—“Red” or “RED” also
work). Initially, Blue is an automated player. manual P Stops the
current game until the next start command and causes player P to take moves from the terminal on subsequent moves. The value of P is as for
the auto command. Initially, Red is a manual player.

size N
Stops any current game, clears the board to its initial configuration,
and sets the size of the board to N squares. Initially, N = 6. move N
Stop any current game, set the number of the next move N . You usually
use this command after setting up an initial position (with set commands.) Initially, the number
of the next move is 1.

set R C N P
Stop any current game. Put N spots at row R and column C (see §3.1). P
is either ‘b’ or ‘r’ (for blue or red,) indicating the color of the square. When N is 0, P
is ignored and the square is cleared.

dump
This command is especially for testing and debugging. It prints the
board out in exactly the following format:

===
    -- -- -- -- -- --
    -- -- -- -- -- --
    -- -- -- -- -- --
    -- -- -- -- -- --
    -- -- -- -- -- --
    -- -- -- -- -- --
===

with the ‘===’ markers at the left margin and other lines indented four spaces. Here,
‘--’ indicates a neutral square, ‘N r’ indicates a red square with N spots, and ‘N b’
indicates a blue square with N spots. Don’t use the two ‘===’ markers anywhere else
in your output. This gives the autograder a way to determine the state of your game
board at any point. It does not change any of the state of the program.

help
Print a brief summary of the commands.
